Light tomorrow with today –Elizabeth Barrett Browning.
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose – Lyndon B. Johnson.
When it rains, it pours? but soon, the sun shines again Stay positive, Better days are on their way.
Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist —Pablo Picasso.
Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day – Dalai Lama.
Push yourself because no one else is going to do it for you.
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose —Lyndon Johnson.
Yesterday’s home runs don’t win today’s games — Babe Ruth.
Someday is not a say of the week – Janet Dailey.
You’re off to great places, today is your day. 
Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it’s all an experience. – Roy T. Bennett
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito. —Dalai Lama
Just don’t give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there are love and inspiration, I don’t think you can go wrong. — Ella Fitzgerald
Stay positive in every situation and everything you do, never stop trying, have faith don’t stop due to failure. – Anurag Prakash Ray
One of the lessons that I grew up with was to always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals. — Michelle Obama
Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind. – Roy T. Bennett
Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.—Voltaire
No one is perfect – that’s why pencils have erasers. – Wolfgang Riebe
If everything seems under control, you’re not going fast enough.- Mario Andretti
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. — Oprah Winfrey
When one door of happiness closes, another opens. – Helen Keller
If you are working on something exciting that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you. — Steve Jobs
Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive good things and good people will be drawn to you. – Mary Lou Retton
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. — Abraham Lincoln
Every action in our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity. – Edwin Hubbel Chapin
Out of clutter, find simplicity. From discord, find harmony. In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. — Albert Einstein
Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you. – Mary Lou Retton
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them. – Marcus Aurelius
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it. – Dennis P. Kimbro
Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention. – Roy T. Bennett
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.- Mark Twain
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. – Winston S. Churchill
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation. – Herman Melville
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. – Theodore Roosevelt
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream, precedes the goal.
– Pamela Vaull Starr
We must all face the choice between what is right and what is easy. – Albus Dumbledore
A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results. – Wade Boggs
Positive quotes for life

Positive quotes for work
Monday is a trying time and it’s often a challenge to wake up on a Monday morning. The beginning of the workweek is a challenge and you need your ammunition to fight laziness. Be inspired by these inspirational quotes and start your Monday with a blast. Focus on the work and focus on the positive side of things. Days will roll faster that way! Ignite your passion and spread positivity in your workspace.

Always turn a negative situation into a positive situation. – Michael Jordan
If you work hard enough and assert yourself and use your mind and imagination, you can shape the world to your desires.- Malcolm Gladwell
It is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
– George Burns
Do the hard jobs first. Easy jobs will take care of themselves. – Dale Carnegie
Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right. – Henry Ford
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will. – Vince Lombardi
The time is always right to do what is right. – Martin Luther King, Jr.
Either you run the day or the day runs you. – Jim Rohn
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.  – Elbert Hubbard
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. – Thomas Jefferson
I’m a positive person, and I try to look at the good side of everything. –Leona Lewis
The only time you fail is when you fall down and stay down. – Stephen Richards
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular. – Roy T. Benner
Never give up on what you really want to do. A person with big dreams is more powerful than one with all the facts. – Albert Einstein
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice, and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do. —Edson Arantes do Nascimento (Pelé)
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle. – Steve Jobs
Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end. – Roy T. Bennett
Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand. The sun’s rays do not burn until brought to a focus. – Alexander Graham Bell
The future depends on what you do today. – Mahatma Gandhi
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you’ll start having positive results. – Willie Nelson
The real opportunity for success lies within the person and not in the job. – Zig Ziglar
You always pass failure on the way to success. – Mickey Rooney
Be positive with every idea surrounding your dreams. Think about the possibility of what you plan to do and approach it with an optimistic action. Stay positively. – Israelmore Ayivor
If you are positive, you’ll see opportunities instead of obstacles. – Widad Akrawi
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. – Abraham Lincoln
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will. – Zig Ziglar
Winning doesn’t always mean being first. Winning means you’re doing better than you’ve done before. – Bonnie Blair
Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power. – William James
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there. – Will Rogers
It always seems impossible until it is done. – Nelson Mandela
Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create. – Roy T. Bennett
If you absolutely can’t stay positive, don’t go negative, just cruise neutral for a while until you can get back up. – Terri Guillemets